So what does it help to do?
What does it help to do?
What does it mean to do?
Well, what does it mean?
I understood, it's a divine God.
So if you listen to your own truth,
or you know the truth,
what Pascal said, I can't do it now.
But I read it,
so I don't remember.
I have a book that says,
it's already three columns.
Yes, you have one more book.
What is it?
It's my book.
When I was in the program,
and there were people who took different regions from different
countries, there were all kinds of leadership qualities.
I also went to school at the offices.
And when all of them come, you imagine a course
with one person and all the Olympics.
Yes.
And how do they live?
You go through this moment
when a bunch of leaders, they start looking at each
other, and then they try to get together.
But at the beginning of the crisis, each one of
them is always there.
Yes, especially when you came here, and there are some
people from the province who went to Kalamagore, and went
to school.
And then you start to understand that they are also
normal people.
And there were 15 people, I looked at them, and
they started provoking us.
Who would offer such a great idea?
At the beginning of the 1990s.
And then I was already in this sort of
strategy.
And then it turned out to be a quote.
If you see the goal,
and it is the best leader who offers his own
movements,
turning back to the goal, I start.
You can explain.
That is, if I see the goal, yes.
But if there is a leader who offers this goal,
everyone will have their own things.
You turn back to your goal, well, you think that
you will be the best.
Yes.
And you start.
Yes, I start.
And then you come back to your goal.
Yes, that's right.
Interesting.
In other words, I turn my face to people, start
to listen to them.
Yes.
And at the same time, every time you start.
You start.
But in the end, you start.
Yes,
it was cool.
Very, very symbolic.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe it exists.
Well, it is.
It is symbolic.
Yes.
Cool.
Well, it is somehow from physics, too.
Well, yes.
Yes.
You were in a large number of countries,
cities, around the country,
there are three countries that you, three cities that you
like to return.
I can immediately say that I like states.
Well, Kazakhstan will be, right?
Yes.
It will be different.
Yes, it will be different.
Well, I don't want to be even another country.
In America, some countries, there.
I liked everything.
Well, I was everywhere in America.
Well, I liked everything more.
Sever, Sever is successful.
It is Agaya.
Oh, I see.
Midwest.
Aga or Nois?
Yes.
And they know some.
Well, I don't know.
Well, more like me.
There are a lot of Russian food there.
Yes, it is interesting.
I am afraid.
And you are the first country in America, yes, it
was.
Oh, it was very successful.
It was
in the 31st of January.
In the 31st of December, in the first year.
In the first year.
In the 90s, I think.
Oh.
In the United States.
Yes.
I grew up with the U .S.
with the U .S.
because I don't have enough water.
That is, you have been with them for three years.
What will happen next year?
Well, he will be the deputy of the Supreme Council
of the USSR.
We have been established there.
And I,
I grew up there.
I don't know.
What was the word?
New York.
Then you were in Las Vegas.
You were there.
No, no.
There was a delegation.
Now there were ten.
Yes.
And the deputy was also there.
Well, I was just, it was my first abroad.
And I don't say that the Brazil was in the
past.
Well, I looked there.
Yes, I said.
How did you not accept it?
That's what I said.
Why?
Well, it seemed to me there,
if there were foreign countries, not far from them, to
understand, to go to the United States.
I don't know why.
Maybe they, because, they are the same as us, on
the mothers' words.
Well, I don't know, I don't know.
It was close.
It was close to the Caucasus.
Yes.
It was very fast.
It was technological.
It was very difficult.
I'm sorry, Samohana, for not having to do anything about
it.
Tell me about it.
Well, he's a lot of people.
Yes.
Well, I would say that he's a group.
So,
I was,
I was the only one who got, that there was
no wall in this movement.
There was no wall.
There was a theater, but there was only, that he
was actually, in fact, in fact, the atomic energy, the
atomic energy, the atomic energy, the atomic energy.
Yes, but so, I didn't politicize it, I just, as
soon as I told my kids, there were the cases
when they tried to give something,
to the visitors.
In reality, that there's some kind of chemical behind the
construction, some sort of...
they're making a noise, some people are getting sick, they
can't see anything, they can't see anything.
I mean, the number of events is another thing, that's
one example.
Well, of course, these are the many cases that exist
right there.
I don't remember what was wrong with me.
I remember when I was 16 in the 16th of
December,
when I was 20.
When I was in school, I remember his phrase.
I remember it from independence to independence.
In other words, independence is not a final point.
You need to go further.
I was afraid to show myself this phrase.
He was afraid, I am not afraid
to see him.
I was afraid to see him.
I don't remember what happened.
When I was passing by, he was afraid.
And then I also worked as an institute.
Why didn't they tell us about the director of our
company?
They didn't tell us about it.
And Verikov was also on his level as well.
He also represented this moment.
And supported him.
That's why he got to the point.
That's how it is.
Great.
Let's ask a question to the audience.
What is it like for a wide audience?
Are they interested or experienced?
Well, maybe you would like to say something.
I would like to say that I don't respect anyone.
I don't know if I would say it or not.
I mean,
I don't want to respect anyone.
That is, today,
we have created such a environment.
People are afraid of themselves.
You don't interfere with them.
You just have to solve the question.
Well, you can help them.
That is, if we don't tie up our own advice.
Because we are older.
We are standing here today.
The information flow is going to be faster than
we can give information.
That is why,
in this situation,
it is better to answer them questions.
Do not hesitate.
I have my experience.
The last few years, I talk to a young person.
When you listen to them, everything is clear that he
is moving.
Don't interfere.
That is the principle.
Even when I have a lot of things right now,
I will also look at them.
I will not even try to teach them anything.
What do you wish to do with them?
How do you spend your time with them?
Well,
mainly they ask stories.
They get there by themselves, then they start.
And you were there, and so on.
I answer them.
I can't even call them.
I don't know.
I would say that today it is even more relevant.
Because the information flow is going on in a young
person, in a new generation.
You will not say anything new.
You will only create a turbulence in your consciousness.
That is emotional.
And the question, when you have such a question, do
you spend a lot of time with your children?
Okay, interesting.
For parents, you spend a lot of time with your
children.
And if you still have your children, then the question
will be,
how do you spend a lot of time with your
parents?
Yes, of course.
I don't give a damn about this question.
I have never asked it before.
It is a question of Patrick Oshonus, from the podcast,
and the two sides of the group.
He asks this question.
Let's try this question to you.
How do you spend a lot of time with your
children?
Which is more than enough to remember.
For your whole life.
Maybe it is a school period.
Some kind of agda, your side.
Maybe someone told you something.
Something recommended you.
If everything is in your career, look back.
Oh, this is such a thing.
I think that...
I have a very positive and positive atmosphere between them.
As I told you, because I am automatically surrounded by
my character,
and from the point of view, from the point of
view, I am a person who goes to the gate.
And if I even...
To the gate...
You can say it yourself.
That's why I don't even listen to this question.
I have a lot of questions.
That's why I don't even...
Great.
And one message that you would like our viewers to
listen and remember from this episode.
Yes, the answer is a message.
Yes, it should be.
Maybe it's a resume, because we discussed everything.
Well, a resume...
What might be a resume?
Well,
maybe...
Well, I don't know how to say this.
I am a person who...
Well, maybe they are close to each other.
And so on.
I want to say that...
The money can't be the motivation to do science.
It's an axiom.
That is, if you are interested in money,
do business, and...
It's not a bad thing to do, it's a good
thing.
You need to need to do science.
But...
The motivation to do science is not to waste time.
That's why you have to be the motivation to do
science.
You need to be the motivation to do science.
Yes,
yes.
You need to be the motivation to do science.
Thank you very much, my name is Vyzylj.
My name is Vygarian and my tutorial podcast Peace, good,
we can know nothing about you.